Hi guys, I'm here with another video this
video being to you how to draw the
naruto going out would be a bad mourning in the way
of the fox is 4 caldas 15 broth if I
I'm not mistaken, this drawing is fine
looking like a link there where it 's a guy
American or French I do not know where the guy
It was the video of this guy that I came from.
to make this design so after
see my video you see his video
I want to make it very clear that I
I copied it from nobody I came to speak on
comment then I'm admitting that
I copied in it that not this image did not
I saw on the internet but I also think
you have no problem copying because you
You want to copy a video of me.
It may also be logical that I made the video
Of course I did not make a video of him can see
that if you go and see his video it will
being different the video is hopefully
You understood that I said it is
Now I wanted to give some news, I walked.
talking to some friends of mine there
which also has a channel on youtube and people
and I've decided that I'm going to focus on the channel in
then drawing my channel will be the 90%
drawing not 80% drawing and 20% video games
and I'm just going to continue with the wee series
Coffee, because I already started
You and I like to do these series.
because I have an obligation to finish
of course I had already started and I
I like too
but it's just like sw and the rest will be
drawings so you can expect more
drawings on the channel are also you
Unfortunately there will be a day that will not go
to post video that I will not have to
like but I hope you have
I sure hope you do not get
Sad, do not be sad, that's it.
My people, I 'm talking a little low.
My mother's cause , I'm sleeping here.
I also wanted to say thank you for everything
world that has been my channel gives a
Look, every day in my car.
something that youtube is very cattle is
harming me a lot
take a look if you 're writing in
my channel is still because I've seen people
talk that you were losing subscribers
so take a look, there, that's it folks
I wanted to thank you so much that
thanked the design design, I do not know
What 's the name of the right channel?
be appearing there also ordered to give me
giving me some tips there a new partner
of the machinima drawing channel can be
the machine is that his channel
I'm just missing, I do not know if I can
Say it but you can not run away.
Congratulations around him he will ronaldo
appearing there is a very good channel
He draws cars. He walked.
some tips where we use youtube
designers have to come together to
grow because there is not much
well that makes big drawings so big
only time and drawings
So I think we have to get together for
grow and that's what we are
doing is looking to join
grow more and more and that's it folks
I do not know if the video will're running out
because I'm not seeing the video was
recorded separately but I hope that
did you like
remember and see the video of the fall of the
face that made the drawing that goes
appearing there and the channel of the year and
showing up there I hope you like it
That's it , I liked it additionally.
favorite sign up for my channel
I hope you do not be sad in not
be sad but it's through the channel is
Good good too and I hope
nobody is sad if you wanted
comment on something I stopped from
make games videos
leave a comment there speaking some
But that's it
and spoke